Hello and welcome to this new tutorial.
So now that we've tackled the creation of the Elysium cell and drop out.
Time to wrap the whole thing connecting all this to the input outputs and the targets into the whole
record a neural network model and the way we're going to do this is we're going to create some tensor
flow placeholders for the input the target and the output meaning which will be returned by the island.
And that's why I've prepared for you a new resource which will be useful for this tutorial which is
the tensor flow place all the function from the tensor flow documentation.
So let's have a look at this function.
Let's have a look at what it does first it insert a placeholder for a tensor that will always be fit
and that means that the record new will network that we will build expects as soon format of its input.
And it will return the output in this same format as well.
And therefore the target will need to have the same format when we compute the less error between the
output and the target.
So it's super important that you notice the transfer place holder because it is the compulsory format
to have when you are working with neural networks in general.
So let's do this let's create the tens of loop placeholder for our inputs our targets and our outputs
and we're going to start with these inputs.
But first we're going to do something very quick.
We're going to create an object void for that maximum sequence length.
And that's because we're going to need it to create a placeholder.
So let's do that quickly first.
We're gonna create a new object variable self.
That sequence length which will be equal exactly to that variable.
That is a simple variable and not an object variable.
So we will base that here and then now is the time to create the place holders and we're going to start
with the input placeholder to create a tensor of input in the right format for the record a new network.
And we're gonna call that input placeholder self that input x.
And of course solve that because it needs to be an object variable then that's where we can call tend
to flow and from tensor flow we're going to call the place holder function here it is to which we're
going to input these three arguments.
So first the deed type is simply the type of the values that will mean the cells of the sensors.
And since these values are just the result of all the computations with all the normalization and everything
of course the Tea type is a tensor flow float and we can take the thirty two one to have enough fingers
so float 32 and then the next argument well we cannot see it anymore but we can see it here.
The next argument is the shape and this will be exactly the shape of the tensor is for the inputs the
targets and outputs and these sensors are all going to have the same dimensions.
The first one will correspond to the batch so it will be the batch size.
The second one will correspond to well exactly what we've just said as an object viable the sequence
length.
And the third one will be the number of channels in the tensor.
That is its dimension and that's what we gathered here.
First remember when gathering the parameters that's the dimension of the input in width which remember
corresponded to 35 channels 32 for this first input here.
The latent vector z and 3 for the second input the action.
So thirty five channels in total.
And then the out with the dimension of the output will be 32 because this time it corresponds to the
output of the Indian Ocean and that has 32 channels.
So that's going to be the third element of this shape and therefore that's exactly what we're going
to input now.
And so I'm adding the shape equals to these three dimensions that will enter in square brackets the
first one as we said corresponding to the batch size in which we're gonna get from r hp s object variable
containing all the hyper parameters from which we're going to get the batch size.
Here we go then.
Second Dimension This is again we can take it from our HP as parameter object from which we're gonna
get the max sec Len.
That is exactly this 1 HP as Mac signaling or length or even self that sequence things that we've just
created.
And the third one as we said the dimension of the input which is in width corresponding to 35 channels
or of course we could have put self that HP s that input SEC with.
All right.
So good thing done.
We created the tens of took place order for our input meaning the right format of our input to be fed
into the neural network and now we're gonna do the same for this time the target which we will call
this time output x.
So I'm going to place that in here by out.
And then same it's gonna be the sense of a place holder with a float 32 type for itself.
Then almost the same shape we're gonna have the same batch size of course the same maximum sequence
length of course but the right dimension of the target which is the same dimension as the output that
is out width corresponding to 32 channels.
So good we have created or two tenths of loop placeholders for the input and the target we will do the
same later on for the output meaning what will be returned by the Arnon but first we will take care
now of gathering all the inputs that will need to create our final Ireland in which we will do with
this dynamic ion and function.
So let's have a look.
What are the arguments of this dynamic on function.
Well the first one is the cell and that we've already created.
That was the LSC himself which we've created in the previous Statoil then these are going to be the
input and which again we have already created just now.
But we're not going to enter this cell that input x because we will create a separate viable it is safer
when we do some further modifications of the input and therefore we're just going to create a new variable
here that will call actual input x and which will be of course equal to the self that input x object
variable and that's just to create separately variable which will be exactly the input of this dynamic
ion function that is this input argument here.
All right.
So done for this one then sequence length.
Well since we've specified a sequence length in the inputs then we don't have to specify here so we
will just keep the non default value but then for the initial state that's the next step here that we
have to do we have to initialize the state was all zeros as opposed to just inputting and none.
So that's exactly what we're going to do here we are going to create the initial state initialized with
only zeros but of course with the same batch size because again we're not going to get a single initial
state but we're going to create a batch of initial states.
So let us create this new required argument initial state for our dynamic or an end function which we
will call self that initial state.
And so that's gonna be the initial state inside the A-list himself so we can just take our cell here.
So copying this based on that here and from which we are gonna get one of the attributes of the layer
Norm basic Elysium cell because I remind that cell is nothing else and cell even here and cell F in
here is nothing else than an object of this layer Norm basic Elysium cell class and therefore from cell
here we can get all the attributes of the lesser known basic asked himself.
And right now the one we're interested in is the zero state function attribute which will allow us to
initialize the state with only zeros and that's why as I've just told you we have to specify the batch
size here because we're gathering a batch of initial states to be 100 percent aligned with our other
formats of the input the targets and the outputs.
All right so here we're going to enter a batch size argument as HP as that batch size.
Here we go.
So HP is or so that HP is that's the same because HP has no argument that the init method.
And then what is the other argument we can no longer see it but it was D type again and which of course
will be again tensor float float 32 the float 32 type by tensor float.
All right perfect.
We are getting very close to the final call of the dynamic in function but first we have to take care
of the output and we actually have a lot of work to do on that because you know remember that we have
to distinguish two outputs to deterministic output returned by the iron and only and then the stochastic
output returned by the MGM and in order to create that that stochastic output well we have to prepare
now the tenses of weights and biases which will be required for the MGM because indeed the next step
after getting that deterministic output of the iron in.
Well what we'll do is do a matrix multiplication and that's why I've prepared for you a function that
we'll use soon which is this matrix multiplication function x w plus B which will multiply deterministic
output at the iron in by this tensor of whites that we're about to create plus this tensor of biases
that we're about to create as well in order to get prepared for the stochastic operations by the MGM
and therefore that's the important part of the work we have to do for the output right now we will create
these two tenses of weights and biases and now it's important to understand that the sense of it will
be a matrix with ion in size number of rows and iron and size remember is the number of units we input
here for the Elysium cell which we've created with the low known basic Elysium cell class.
So that is exactly going to be the number of rows in this matrix of weight.
And then for the number of columns in this matrix of weight we'll have 32 times five times three columns.
And the reason for that is that the dimension of the weights that we'll need for each of the Elysium
gym unit is the multiplication of the dimensions of the two inputs that we have here which are the action
and plates in fact easy.
And this remember has dimension of Z size equals by default 32.
This the action has a dimension of three because at each time we can play three possible actions and
therefore a vector of three elements but then let's not forget that we'll use five Gaussian mixtures
and therefore to get the total number of dimensions of the weights and therefore also the basis we will
need to multiply 32 here by three and by also five the total number of Gaussian mixtures and therefore
let's get that second dimension of the tensor of weight in a separate variable here which we will call
an out and in which as we said is equal to the dimension of the output out which which I'm Kobe year
out with multiplied by the number of Gaussian mixtures K mix and multiplied by three.
The dimension of the actions.
And that is the second dimension will have an arc tensor of weights meaning the number of columns we'll
have in our tensor of weight.
And also it will also be the total number of elements in the one dimensional tensor biases because indeed
then what we'll do is once we multiply the deterministic output of the iron and by the tenths of weight
well we will add the biases and therefore there will be the same and outnumber of biases.
All right.
So now that we've computed this number well let's create these two sensors and we're going to create
them inside a tensor flow variable scope which will be exactly the variable scope used to build the
Iron in and therefore I'm introducing it now with the sense of flow variable.
Here we go scope inside which we just have to input the name of the scope in quotes which we'll call
the Orient and variable scope and then inside we're first going to define the 2D tensor of weights and
the one dimensional tensor basis.
So let's start with intensive weights.
We're gonna call that output W and we will create it thanks to its sense of flow function which will
be the get variable function inside which we will input the name of the tensor which will be well we
can just call it again output W and then of course here comes the most important argument the shape
which is the shape we've just mentioned that is with the total number of Elysium units are in in size
and an out number of columns.
So here we go let's input the shape here.
We are going to input then square brackets with the two dimensions.
The first one is as we said self that HP s or hyper parameter container from which we're gonna get the
iron in size that's for the first dimension of the matrix of weights the number of rows and then for
the second dimension Well that's what we've just computed here and out.
And so here we go.
We're gonna have an out number of columns and that's the dimensions of the matrix of weight which we
will multiply to the deterministic output of the ion so that we can get later on the stochastic Indian
output layer.
All right.
So now we're gonna take care of the other tensor for the biases which will correspond to biases here.
We just initialize that and now we're about to initialize this biases and therefore that's why I've
copy this I'm going to paste that just below we're gonna replace output w by output B for the basis
then same here.
Output w by output B.
And now however we're not gonna have a 2D tensor but a one day tensor which will of course have an out
element.
So I'm just removing the first dimension which was only for the weights so that we only keep an eye
out.
And here we go.
Now we have are two tenths of weights and bases and so we're ready to get the deterministic output of
the ironing in and then we'll be ready to compute the matrix multiplication of weights plus basis after
which the mixture density network will come into play to get that final stochastic Indian output layer.
So we'll do all this in the next couple of tutorials and until then enjoy a.